## Week 1: 7.3-7.9
My previous research explored the changes in Chinese strong ties culture in the context of the Internet and found that traditional strong ties were transformed into more multidimensional digital strong ties. In that week's research, I read a lot of literature, and in one of the studies, I pointed out that due to the emergence of the Internet, the traditional Chinese blood ties, geographic ties, karmic ties, and interest relationship have become digital strong ties, and that "interest relationship" are the most emerging and easier group to reach digital strong ties, and I used the interviews with members of gaming and fan circles to deduce and prove a model for the formation of digital strong ties. We reasoned and proved the formation model of digital strong ties, and found that digital strong ties has wider coverage and lower maintenance cost than traditional strong ties.

## Week 2: 7.10-7.16
In that week, I analyzed Dr. Yanjie Bian's definition of traditional strong ties, the process of upgrading weak ties into digital strong ties, and the initial and stable phases of trust building in digital strong ties, and found that trust is like a kind of "social currency" that circulates multidimensionally in individual and group strong ties, because people have to build up enough trust in order to establish digital strong ties in any circumstances, and this kind of digital strong ties must have been born from long-time interactions with multidimensional interactions in the digital platform.

## Week 3: 7.17-7.23
Since trust is like a kind of "social currency", I try to analyze how trust circulates as a kind of currency in digital strong ties in a multi-dimensional way. Through reading the literature and analyzing the traditional strong ties and digital strong ties, I found that the core difference between them lies in the starting point of forming relationship - digital technology, because digital technology and platform are the foundation of the development of digital strong ties, and then rise to the establishment of person-to-person and person-to-group digital strong ties. Therefore, I define the direction of the circulation of trust as "trust-digital technologies and platforms-individuals-groups-results", but the details of the circulation need to be considered in this process.

## Week 4: 7.24-7.30
I think out the direction of the circulation of trust based on last week: trust-digital technologies and platforms-individuals-groups-results, and I try to build a model of the circulation of trust in strong digital ties. Taking trust as the center to disperse outward to the first level - digital technology and platform layer, I read the literature and look back to the previous interviews, and finally found that trust is firstly built up by the reputation of the platform to a certain extent, and the user's interest and interaction with some people in it will be recorded by the data, so as to recommend the corresponding community, and thus may be better able to reach the digital strong ties. In my exploration of other social platforms digital platforms also quantify trust in multiple ways, e.g., in QQ, the two interacting parties automatically set a friendship level by the number of days the chat lasts each day, and when the interaction is interrupted for more than 3 days it is downgraded, which uses the frequency of people's interactions as a way to quantify trust.

In my personal level exploration, I find that people building digital identities in a more authentic, complete, coherent, and sincere way in a secure platform leads to more stable personal trust, deep self-disclosure, and strengthened trust and digitally strong ties with others. From this I find that trust has quantifiable characteristics.
